we're going to hear today about the
Samsung Smart View application which we
are very excited about essentially what
it is is a tap that will allow you to
stream wirelessly content from your TV
to your Samsung tablet and we have a
10.1 tablet right now and I'm going to
show you the Smart View app there's
three things that we need to keep in
mind though in regard to this app the
first is we need to install it from the
Android Market because at this moment it
is not actually pre-installed on the
tablet and I'll show you I'll walk you
through that in a moment the second is
that in order to use this app you must
use a 2011 model samsung LED 7000 series
D 7000 series or D 8000 series or four
plasma a D 7000 series for Laura or
later so assuming you have that then
then the app will work the third thing
is you need to make sure that the TV is
on the same network the same wireless or
wired network that your tablet is
connected to so if you're using a
network extension or something like that
make sure that it's on the same network
that the TV is connected to otherwise it
won't recognize it okay so let's jump
into the market and to look for the app
it's pretty simple all you need to do is
look do a search for Samsung Smart View
which I've already typed in there and
you're going to see there are a few apps
that we have but the one specific for
the tablets is called the Samsung Smart
View tab and you click on that and it's
a free installation you install that
which we've already done here and then
you're going to be ok
so you start on the App
it's going to look at the network which
is why you have to be on the same
network as the TV and it's found are you
n55 d7000 so we have a compatible TV we
click on that now on the TV you may see
a notification that's going to ask you
to allow or deny the network connection
we've already allowed it so simply just
press on on your TV remote that you're
going to allow the connection once
you've done that you're all set and
there are a few options here you see a
TV remote which is a Wi-Fi remote
control for your TV there's a game
controller for some of the games that we
have pre-installed on the on the TV and
a user manual but the most important
thing in the coolest thing that we want
to show you here is dual TV which is the
ability to watch TV live on your mobile
device so we're going to click on that
we accept the Terms of Service and there
you go so now we are streaming the exact
same contents from the TV to the tablet
and it's compatible you'll be able to go
anywhere in your house anywhere that
your home network reaches so if you have
a network connection in your front yard
your back yard your basement your attic
anywhere that you have your network
connection you are now able to watch
live TV via the network connection to
your tablet and this works on the
samsung 10.1 inch tablet the 8.9 inch
tablet and the 7 inch plus tablet as
well and as you can see here hopefully
we can get a view of both together
but since like that's 3d built I'm like
right yeah there's a there's about a
half a second time lag that's due to the
network connection obviously if you have
the the faster the network connection
you have the shorter the lag time it
will be but as you can see it's a
beautiful picture okay thank you
I mean seems like this is really great
application that's fantastic it's once
again it's called the Samsung Smart View
tab app and it's located in the Android
Market okay thank you Ron sure no
problem
thank you